fix TPB O365-SecurityAndCompliance-Test and move from skipped (#11894)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_11.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search (beta)

> - Fixed an issue where the command **o365-sc-new-search-action** failed with no indicative error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***o365-sc-new-search-action*** command would fail with no indicative error.
```

> - Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.1.16151.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the Docker image to *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.1.16151*.
```
